That's fine. We're recording now. Perfect.  
Okay. So, um that was my actually my expectation. So, I want to give you some more details 
about the project, our objectives and where we are at right now. So, basically we we we do need 
to make a decision um maybe to at the max the maximum at the at the e nd of of next week we 
have to make a decision on who is going to be our partner to develop um the the the game the 
prediction game.  
So can I share my screen here? So I think it will be easier for us to  
I I'll go through some features right now. It's just like an a table with um explaining uh a little bit 
of the the features that we imagined and and then we would like to hear um from live like what's 
possible and what's not possible. What you maybe alread y have developed and what you still 
don't you would need to customize it for us. Um understand the timing with for all of that. Um 
we have we have a wish that is to have the the go live of the product one month before the start 
of the world cup. So  
workup starting 11 of June, we want to go like that's the ideal date. Okay.  
Yeah.  
Um we of course we have like some features that it's a must have in the in the in the beginning of 
the the project, but maybe some of those other features that we're going to go through here can 
um postpone just like a little weeks. It won't be a big probl em, 
but it's just the the strategy of what we're doing. Okay.  
Yep.  
Um can Can you see the table? Is it readable?  
Yep, perfect.  
Okay, just let me put our screen here so I can see you guys. Okay. Um, so let's start from from 
the basics. Um, we're talking about a prediction game. So, a classic prediction game um in Brazil 
is uh a prediction game is really popular. Okay. And It has a popular name also that's called 
Bologn. Bologn is like a popular name that just stickked with uh with it and it's like a nickname 
for prediction games. Okay. Here in Brazil and we're as I said Kazate is a media firm. We have 
um some commercial um partners that we are um understanding which one or maybe more than 
one um partners may want to be a sponsor of this project. Okay.  
Yeah.  
So by that that's how we're going to monetize. Okay. In the end. So Kazat will be monetized 
commercially by selling properties of this game for for our sponsors. Okay. So we have two 
different types of users. Okay. We have the basic user and we have the pr emium user. And what 
does differentiate one from another? The basic user is a it's not basic user. The basic user um can 
play the game for free. It's in the end the the game is a freetoplay game. Everyone can play for 
free. You just register your email and then you're ready to go. Okay. Um and the premium user, 
let's say for example, this is what I'm saying here is not a real real deal. Okay? But let's say 
Amazon is like a sponsor for us and they have like the Amazon Pr ime um members and let's say 
that the Amazon Prime members have um they just need to to log in as an SS SSO then we 
identify them as a premium as a premium as a Amazon Prime member and then they get um 
instant access as a premium user to the game. Okay. So  that's that's what differentiates hates one 
user from another. One is just a normal user. He just logged in. He registered as a normal email. 
The other one registered as an SSO, Amazon Prime um user and he's automatically participating 
in the premium leag ue. Okay. So, um there are two different leaderboards. The basic 
leaderboard, okay, the public, that's why we're calling a public league, but it's a a leaderboard. 
And there's another leaderboard um for only for uh premium users. Okay. Um if we have more 
than one sponsor, we're going to have um different leaderboards for each sponsor. Okay. So 
that's important um to know. So starting from the u first of all the prizes which what's the 
difference? Okay. So the basic user he's going as he's a freeto -play user  but we're still going to 
give them prizes. So in the end um the these numbers are not 100% validated. Okay, just fine for 
some some zoom  
but let's say for example the first um the winner will get 50,000 dry eyes and the second 30 until 
the the number 100 okay  
um and th those prizes in the premium for the premium league they will be much higher we'll 
just putting example here as times three but I believe it will get like for like 10 times 10 price is 
higher. Okay.  
Um the basic user he can we that's a big thing here in Brazil also. I don't know if you guys are 
actually where are you you from? I forgot to to ask.  
I'm based in New York but um I'm Australian. So  
Oh, you're Australian? Okay. I I have lived in Perth for two years.  
Oh wow. Cool. Awesome. That's a beautiful part of the world.  
Yeah. Western Australia. The only city at Western in Australia basically.  
I mean it's crazy how remote that place is. It's it's incredible.  
Yeah. Yeah.  
Um going back here. So the basic user um he can participate into five private leagues and he can 
create his own two private leagues. So this is a big thing here in Brazil. Um for example, you 
want to informally that's um like you want to create um a bologn  a prediction game with your 
friends from work or with your friend or with a family or with another group of friends  
or whatever. Um that's quite common here and we're giving um our platform for the you for 
users to actually do that on our platform with all of our um mechanism and and and how how it 
actually works. So we're basically giving a white label platform for for everyone to to partic 
participate if he wants to. Okay.  
Yeah.  
And these private leagues are responsibility of the user. So if they want to put some money on it 
or any bet on it, they can do it um in independently. We only um are responsible for the public 
leagues and the prizes that will be formally um addressed here  in in our local lottery. Okay.  
So that's that functionality is completely out of the box for us. So we we we can do that. That's 
that's easy.  
Oh, okay. And also the premium user, he can participate in up to 100 private leagues or create up 
to 100 private league. So, we are going to give him a lot more possibilities here.  
Mhm. Yep. No problem.  
Okay. Um any questions, please feel free to ask. Um about the scoring, um each prediction is 
worth one point. So, if you're only given a prediction, you are already um earning a point. Okay. 
So, let's say you you join the the prediction game a month before  the world cup. If you want to 
put on all your 64 predictions for the initial for the phase group, you're already starting with 64 
points.  
Okay.  
So, just clarify there. So, when you say prediction, you only want people to be able to predict the 
result.  
I think I'll I think I lost you  
to pick.  
Yeah, we lost you, Alex, for a second there.  
Yeah, I think we lost you.  
Now, cool. I was just asking um with the prediction, do you just want uh you know, the user to 
be able to predict the result? So, you know, Brazil to beat Australia or do you want users to be 
able to say, you know, Brazil 3, Australia one or Yeah, I I lost  him again. Did you?  
Yeah. Yeah, we're losing him a little bit.  
Let me go off camera a little bit. Maybe that will help.  
Yeah. Okay. But I I understood your question. We're I'm I'm talking about the extor. I have to 
say like Brazil 3, Australia 2.  
Okay, cool.  
Okay, that's that was the the next the next point here, the third point. So,  
if you get the exact score right, um you're getting 50 points.  
If you get the winner, right? Let's say Brazil and Australia, as you said, 3 -2. Um, if you say that 
Brazil was going to win 3 -0, you got the winner right and the amount of goals of the winner, so 
you get 35 points. If you guess the the a draw, for example,  you said it would be 1 -1 and the 
game was 0, you get 25 points.  
And if you just got guess the the winner right, you said it was one and it was 2 -1, for example, 
you get 10 points.  
Yeah.  
Okay. Do you hear me?  
Yeah.  
Okay. Um about multipliers, we can also we want to be possible to multiply um some certain 
games. So for example, let's say we want to double the points for the Brazilian for every Brazil 
game on the group face. So if you get the exact score from on a Braz il game, you get 100 points, 
not 50. Okay. And we we also want um the multipliers for each round. So the the phase groups 
finished 64 of the 104 games are done. Um we still want to maintain the competition going. So 
each game now is is has more value. So i f you get instead of 50 points, you're going to get 60. If 
you guess the second round um um exact score and then you're you're going to double that right 
by 1.2 1.4 1.6 1.8 and till you reach the final with times two.  
Yep. Perfect.  
Okay. And all of this um here is basically the mechanism of the game of of a normal prediction 
game. Okay. So now we're just we're going to get a little it's not not a totally disruptive 
disruptive um feature but it's just mixing things. Okay.  
Yeah.  
So what we we also want to to deliver here in the product is the daily missions.  
So daily missions are basically um they are allowed for every user. Okay. The basics and the the 
premium as everything we we we discussed uh so far. Um so you're going to have a question and 
you have four options. and you have uh the right answer. So if yo u if you answer it correctly, you 
get two numbers. If you answer it wrong, you get one number. If you don't answer it at all, you 
get zero numbers. And if you share that uh that um result on your social uh platform, I don't 
know which one, X, Instagram, wh atever, you double the number of points you're you're getting. 
What are those points for? Um every week As I said, we have a a lot an official lottery here in 
Brazil and they will those numbers will be there will be a hundred random numbers selected 
every week and those the winners will those winners will get some type of benefit that we don't 
know which benefit is yet but it will be around a 100,000 eyes every week um um drawn on this 
this lottery. Okay. So let's say um Alex um played the game every every day in in this week. It 
it's cumulative per week. Okay. Every Monday, for example, we have we we we zero the the 
number of of lucky numbers for each user and start again. So let's say I had like 20 lucky 
numbers this week. Simone had 30 and I had 10.  
So that that doesn't mean that Simone will win. He just has um the more the advantage. Okay.  
Because he's a more active player.  
So 
in the end it's just a a drawer. Okay.  
Totally. Yeah.  
Yeah.  
And we're talking here badges and missions. This this one is just like a gamification thing. 
There's no advantage on having badges or missions. It's just like things that you can um play 
with your friends and say, "Oh, look. I already have 15 exact scores and I have this golden ball. 
mission. Not badges and missions. Sorry. It's badges and cards. Here I It's written I have this 
golden ball card which is much better than yours.  
Yeah.  
Okay.  
Um and we also need Oh, now now we're going to talk about um premium users experiences. 
Okay. Um till then we're the game is basically the same. Um now We're talking about the 
premium users experience. So the premium user will have exclusive missions.  
Most missions they are not um determined 100% how they will happen but maybe they will need 
to have like some um communication with our our with Kazat of something that that we that that 
happened live. Um someday or that will happen sometimes throughout th e the broadcasting. 
Okay.  
So, for example, let's say that um a random athlete was was um interviewed in the middle of 
some game. So, there will be an issue for the premium user at Thursday saying, "Oh, which was 
who was the athlete that was interviewed?" Um last game of the Brazil' s last game in the end of 
the match.  
So, the premium user has to answer it, get it, guess it right, and there will be probably a draw um 
saying who won and what will be that exclusive prize. Okay,  
perfect.  
It's still in kind of it's not um defined since still in the the idea, but we will need to have 
something like that.  
That's Okay. Yeah, it doesn't have to be fully defined. I mean, what's more important is that we 
understand that that is something that you guys want to do. Uh, you know, what the prize is and 
and I guess the mechanics of that aren't important right now. Y ou know, we can figure that bit 
out and we can add that in, but obviously knowing that we need to have some sort of ability for a 
premium user to be able to, you know, participate in this is is the important bit. So, the fact that 
we know that is is perfect. Yeah,  
that's it. That's the the intention.  
Yeah.  
Um also we have um intermediate prize uh for the premium users. So the leader of the 
leaderboard at the end of the group phase can we will have um will win the prize as well. So not 
only in the in the end we have discounts. So we have another project here that we're developing a 
an official uniform for Kazatv for the for the World Cup. So the basic basically has 10 eyes of 
the the uniform and the premium user has 20% off.  
Mhm.  
Um we also will need to create um the casting the Kazak casting we have a lot of like different 
figures that are not influences but they are kind of known in in Brazil.  
Oh yeah. Okay. Yep.  
That's one big influencer but and the the rest of the other um casting persons are are known and 
they have some little little um fan clubs like that. So we will need to create their profile that will 
participate actively in the game  
and a premium user can drag that um casting profile to its private league for example. So let's say 
we created our own private league Rodrigo Simo and Alex and we want to put on all uh all the 
all the casting from Kazat to compete with us. So that's someth ing that a premium user can do.  
Yeah. So we we can do that. I'll have to figure out the best way to do that. It's definitely possible. 
Um and what we can do as well is we've got this concept that we call flares. And basically what 
that means is that you know all of these different you kn ow casting individuals can have like a 
essentially like a badge next to their name on the leaderboard so that people know that you know 
uh it is you know I don't know Ronaldo is participating and that's him that's his bad you know 
like 
yeah  
we we can highlight their users um within the leaderboards and and make it really clear as well 
that you know they are  
you know specific  
maybe we can create like a special um place where you can see all the influences or players, 
famous players that will be that you can  
put on your your league.  
Yeah, we could even like create a, you know, a custom leaderboard just for those people that 
everyone can see.  
So, you know, let's just let's just let's just say that there's 10 of them just for argument sake.  
Uh, you know, then we have, you know, the global leaderboard, which is everyone. You have 
your friends leaderboard, which is just, you know, us for example. And then you could have the 
the celebrity leaderboard, which is, you know, the celebrities. So, we could There's a few ways 
we could do that, but um but yeah, that's that's that's cool. We can we can definitely work 
through that.  
Yeah, you you got it right. That's it.  
Perfect.  
Um so also the premium user, he will have um access to advanced stats. What advanced stats 
here is just like a name, but basically is let's say there's a there's a a game in Brazil's group which 
will be Scotland and Heighti. Let's say I don't have any idea  what what would be the possible 
score here? So the premium user will have access to the percentage of of people that voted for 
Scotland that voted for draw and voted for high T2 win. So let's say we have already 100 guesses 
in this game and 80 uh% uh vote d for for Scotland to win. Not the score, okay, just the winner 
and % voted for a 10% voted for height. So when the premium user is going to um put on his 
guess on on the game that he will have like um that information.  
Yeah.  
Um also we have the AI guess. So AI here when it we say I it doesn't have to be like a super 
duper big AI um calculation. Maybe there we need to have some um ways that an AI can um 
analyze the game and predict the most um possible score there. So that will  be also a possibility 
for the premium user. Okay.  
Y 
So we um we did a I'm just trying to find it. See if I can get access to it. We did a um really cool 
activation with Professional Fighters League. If you know the PFL where don't know if I've got 
access to it actually, but um basically you can hover over e ach game or each fixture and it would 
basically give you stats and you know you could let AI guess for you. Um it was it was it was 
pretty cool. So I'll see if I can find it. If I can't then I might have to yeah just take a screenshot 
and send it to you af terwards. But um but yeah, we we can do all that sort of stuff. That's that's 
totally totally doable.  
I' I'd like to see that. Okay. And just in the end here, there's not not much um not not much 
precipation here because we have we're going to to have two different physical places that we're 
going to and let people win and in throughout the the World Cup. Actually, we're selling tickets 
for people to to get in the Kaz Kazak Kazat that's like the Kazat house where we that we'll have a 
lot of experiences during the World Cup and during the games and so we're just going to draw 
some tickets for for the premium users here.  
That's nothing to develop.  
Okay,  
so that's everything we we thought as features, okay, for for the game.  
I have I can show you quickly. I don't know if I have time. Um  
yeah, yeah, I can probably go over by 10 minutes or so.  
Okay, so I think it's enough. I can show you exactly what Let's see if you see my screen.  
Yep.  
Yeah. So, this is everything we saw on the table. Um, I'd say maybe I'd say like 99% of of what 
we we just saw right now, but as a visualization. Okay.  
So, it's in Portuguese. So, it's I don't think you can Simone will understand better, but I I'll just go 
through you the the main the main aspects just to clarify everything that we we talked it's just a 
prototype okay so don't um the UX and the the front end and everything doesn't have to be like 
this it's just an an a test  
so I'm just going to create to join login here uh a test that I have already created which is most 
complete one and then I'll I'll quickly show like a creation uh uh a login creation in the end if we 
have time.  
Yep.  
So, okay. So, basically there this um this profile here he already has like all the information all 
the 100% of the base group um done. So, he's he's number one of the the the leaderboard. He has 
five exact scores. The exact score is the is the number one um how do I say the when you're tied 
in in like first place in number of points and you have like uh the I forgot the name  
when you go over time is that  
yeah like it's it's a a variable that is is the one that will decide if you are in first or second if you  
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I don't have a word. I don't think there's a word.  
Yeah. Yeah. I don't. So,  
yeah.  
It's basically differentiation, Alex. Like if you if I have 100 points and you have 100 points, but I 
have five exact scores and you have four, so I'm I'm the first one.  
Okay. So, this is the the daily quiz. Okay. So, you just click here and How many World Cups has 
Brazil won? So you have all the options here.  
I'll get it right this one. So I got two lucky numbers and I can click here to share my my lucky 
numbers. Okay.  
And there my lucky numbers get stored here. So  
here from my this week here I had six lucky numbers and the amount of one the ones for each 
day and what I shared. And now this week I got already four. Okay.  
Mhm. Um so here I have the the guessing um experience. So I I have already put put all all the 
guesses right. But I can edit them.  
It's no problem. I can put like right here two. Put it right here. I can edit any game as long as it it 
didn't start already. Okay. And this group here is just an experience of the games that that have 
already um been finished. Brazil to Japan zero and my guess was still zero. So I got the exact 
score and I got 100 points because the Brazil has double the the games, right? The points, right? 
And this one I put one zero was to one. So I just got like the winner, right? I got 10 points and 
everything else. So  these are just examples. Okay. And this is the CTA for our uniform. It's not 
important right now. So this is the home. Okay, this is basically the the main experience that we 
want the users to to focus on. So when we putting here um pop pages, this is the  same 
experience, okay, for for the guesses, but we al we can have also three extra guesses here that are 
we're calling it special guesses. So we can you can predict the winner of the World Cup.  
Yeah.  
You can predict who will be the golden boot. Yeah. The  
Mhm.  
the one with the most goals and you can um predict here until when Brazil is going to to be um 
playing. So I'll put it here champion but you can put like oh it's going on only on the the quarters. 
So 
yeah,  
you can say that here as well.  
Okay. So these are like extra guesses. They are worth extra points. And here are the 
leaderboards. So this is the the common user the common user um leaderboard. Okay.  
Tests here. Um I can visualize the the league. Okay. Um it says here, "You're not playing this 
league. You're playing the the Premium League, but I can visualize it. Um and here's the Premier 
League. So, this is my position here in the Premier League. I'm first one. And I have here all my 
my other um users." Okay.  
Yeah. And you can create as I am this user is a premium user. Okay. So um he can create his 
league here. I'll put on like uh let's say live like like live life live or live life. It's live life live 
right?  
Yep. Correct.  
Okay. Live like live like le and so I can create it um as an open link so everyone can join. Just 
put on the link or or um I can the everyone can um apply but I have to approve or I can put on a 
password create the lead.  
Yep.  
These are all my private leagues. Okay.  
These are the special missions for the premium users. As I said, we don't know exactly how they 
will work, but they are here. This is just information about prizes. Okay. And this is the profile 
page um where I have I can upload my uh my photo. I can write  something if I want on my 
profile. And I this is my my team my total points how many exact scores. And then we have here 
the the cards the badges or or cards. Okay. So these are example of some cards that I I managed 
to to drawer and they have you you get  the these cards by by putting by making some effort here 
in the game. So you got 10 exact scores here. You already have um guessed all the 48 games of 
the group phase. Each one has different um um missions, right? You have to have 500 points to 
to unlock this one.  
And And each one of them um this is this is a place that I I just manually put here but it won't 
exist but it's just so I can show you for example when you get the let's say this au card and you 
you reach the mission and so an experience like this would po p up okay and then you have to 
click and then the card will show okay and then you will just receive it here and will be be stored 
in your in your profile. Okay. Um and everyone can visit each other's profile. For example, I can 
click here in uh another pr ofile. They will have some information about it and the the badges and 
cards that they have already.  
Perfect.  
Okay. I I think basically that's it that we have for for prototype. We have like a login page, but I 
don't think it's like really important right now to show.  
Yeah, perfect. Yeah, that that makes sense, mate. Um,  
great. Yeah, I think I mean we can do everything that you've just discussed. Uh, I think you 
know from a design perspective it might sort of look and feel a little bit different but um 
everything's completely doable.  
One question that I had is um you know obviously following the you know initial group step 
stage of the World Cup. Um, you know, we're not going to know exactly who is going to be 
playing who until that round is completed. So, I presume that you want to, y ou know, set up 
some marketing at your end to ensure that people are coming back into the experience to 
continue to, you know.  
Yeah, totally. Um, so Kazet will be um talking about this every day, lots of times to all the the 
the the throughout all of the transmissions. So we will have um um this kind kind of marketing I 
I believe that 99% of our effort will be like this type of marketing so that we can reach um our 
objective. So I don't know if I I said it by email or but we need  
we're aiming at at least 15 million users using this this product. Okay.  
Um and for the premium users, for example, were aiming for at least 2 million.  
Yeah, that that's like a around 12 or 15% of conversion rates of of those users.  
And we believe it's it's quite doable. Okay, it's a challenge, but we really believe in the Kazat um 
community. It's a really strong community. We have a they have like 25 million subscribers in 
YouTube. They have like more 20 does millions in Instagram an d so it's a and and they are 
digital first. So they were born in 2022 and their brand is is getting just bigger and bigger. So we 
believe it's it's uh quite doable challenge.  
Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. No, definitely um we can yeah definitely I suppose from a product 
perspective definitely achieve everything that you've you've talked about here. Um, how much 
do you know about live like just quickly just so I can give you a little bit  of information about 
us? 
And not much to be to be.  
Okay.  
Quite straight with you.  
Cool. I'll just I'll just give you sort of like a five minute quick overview and I can send you some 
stuff afterwards. Um, just can you see my screen there?  
I can. Yeah.  
Perfect. So, think of live like basically as a fan and audience engagement uh software. business. 
Basically, we have a set of modular out of the box solutions which help drive uh fan 
engagement, personalization uh and community within sports, media, entert ainment and 
broadcast. So, there's a bunch of logos there of different customers we work in work with sorry. 
Uh and our AI powered fan engagement ecosystem spans across these different buckets. Uh what 
we're talking about really is the engagement bucket wh ere you know we have a a suite of 
engagement widgets engagement mini games and it's all around incentivizing and engaging fans, 
bringing them into interactive experiences and basically creating that sense of, you know, 
involvement within the sport. I'll go  into that in a second. We also have a whole heap of 
community and social tools, some of which obviously like the friends leagues and and things we 
do rely on uh for the engagement uh piece. And then we also do a lot of loyalty and rewards as 
well. So um i n terms of the the miniame We we have a suite of knowledge based games which 
are like strategy based games. So predictions, trivia, uh decision making games like Wordle if 
you're familiar with the New York Times. Um they're all out of the box.  
Yep. We then have a suite of skill -based games. So think of these as, you know, very arcade 
style, flick to kick, you know, um pong soccer, that sort of stuff. And then a whole suite of 
chance based games. So you know, sweep stakes, spin the wheel, all that. of stuff and they're 
completely out of the box. So some of the ones that we're talking about here, we do have trivia 
out of the box which is all AI uh powered. We have uh prediction b ased games like the play 
predictor that we do with Chelsea here. This is this example is very much on a um you know 
individual game basis but then we do have bracket challenges as well which could be um 
interesting here. And we've also done a perfect seaso n bracket which is again similar to what 
you're talking about here. Um so I'll show you couple of examples there. So, this is something 
we've done with Tomorrow Golf League, which is uh the golf league in the US that Tiger Woods 
and Roy Macroy founded. So,  basically, you can go through and make all of your predictions at 
the start of the season. Obviously, for you guys, we would add things like, you know, the score 
and and things like that, but obviously here you can go through, you can make your prediction s, 
and then they have also a couple of additional predictions. So, question, you know, predict the 
number of holes won by the team that finishes top of the regular standing. Predict the four teams 
that will advance the semi -finals. Predict the two teams wi ll advance the finals. Predict the team 
the winner of the cup. Predict the final score of the cup. You know, so what I'm trying to say 
here is all of what you've described is very achievable through similar, you know, gameplay in 
terms of making the predic tions across the season and then adding a bunch of different scores as 
well. Um, and we do do a lot of uh brackets as well. I was trying to find the PFL one, but I've got 
this one that we're doing for March Madness coming up. Uh, in the US for basketball. 
Obviously, we don't want to do exactly the same as this because it's not the same, you know, 
structure as the World Cup, but in terms of having, you know, predictions and, you know, people 
sort of moving through that process, it's it's very much the same. Um, so there were just two 
examples that I just wanted to show you. Uh, the other thing that I wanted to mention was that 
we do have all of the gamification layer as well. So, essentially, you can think of us as 
Duallingingo in a box. So, all of the differ ent quest the leaderboards, the progression and 
badging, the daily streaks and habitual rewards and um you know and and and quests and then 
the mini leagues. So that's essentially the the social leagues, the friends leagues that you're 
talking about. And t he whole thing is is basically designed to you know drive individual 
engagement but then you know comp level up and go into competition and then drive social as 
well. So everything we do is basically revolved around this. Um and in terms of something that 
got live at the moment. This is Chelsea Football Club's rewards uh and and and things. So, this is 
slightly different activation, but in terms of the leaderboard, they have the global leaderboard 
here, which is similar to you guys. So, that's absolutely ev eryone across the world. And then they 
also have these friends leagues here as well. So, you can see I can sign up to, you know, dads 
under 13 Dgrade and Cole's league there. And then it has all my mates in there. So, this is just a 
prototype of something we're building out at the moment, but just wanted to show you, I guess, 
that you know, everything that you've talked about uh from a from a capability standpoint we can 
handle. Uh it would just be about you know yeah I I suppose just working together on th e nuance 
of that and and and yeah coming up and doing something really cool. So um I know we're over 
time and I'm conscious of your time. Um but I guess how what's the next next best next next step 
for you?  
Okay. Um so we have a a a time challenge here. Um we're we're we're talking with other um 
possible players as well. Okay. So I don't know if you know um Genius or Sport Raider and six 
we're talk just to being totally transparent. We're we're trying to unde rstand who is going to be 
the the best partner for us, the best solution. Um and basically what what uh what's what's what 
we will be the decisive um variable for that is who will um deliver all of the features with inside 
the the the time that we have to go live on on the 11th 11th of May.  
Um so and as I said in in the beginning, we're we want to have a contract um signed to the end of 
next week at at top. Um So I believe that I I sent all those topics by email.  
Yeah,  
I lost you. Was it just me?  
Yeah, I've lost him as well. I thought it was me.  
No, no, no. I lost him as well.  
Give him a sec to come back. Mhm. Oh, left.  
Sorry guys.  
Oh, good. We lost you.  
I didn't see my computer was about to turn off with no weather. That's okay.  
Um well, what would be great from my side is are you c can you share that uh Excel document 
that you took us through?  
Yeah, I can.  
If you could share that via email, what I'll do is um I will work with our games team and I'll 
basically put together a uh you know a presentation of our capabilities and how we can answer 
your requirements. Um and then I'll also look at the email that you  sent over yesterday and just 
make sure that I guess the key points anyway are covered in terms of you know being able to 
manage your scale um being able to turn around this quickly in terms of the time frames. Um and 
yeah, I might even just link some tech nical documents that you guys can you know look at uh as 
well if if if you have some technical people in the team that want to have a look at that. So um 
yeah, I'll aim to get that to you couple days. today. It might be early next week. Is that okay?  
Yeah. Good.  
Okay.  
It's okay.  
And yeah, I think for for us what we need to to dig a little bit deeper maybe in next talk is is 
trying to understand all those those topics there in the email.  
Um I I think our biggest concern here is robustness and scalability. We don't want the the 
platform to to crash. Of course, no one wants um of course the development is just a web 
development. Okay. There's no no app in there. We're just talking about um w eb web mobile and 
web desktop, right? And I'd say that if you can answer those those topics and then we can go on 
a to an a second talk.  
Yep.  
Um trying to understand a little bit more of your experiences if you had done on uh what's the 
biggest projects that you have worked with and then the number of users and all of that.  
Yep. Perfect. Yeah. Perfect. And sorry, did you say web and app or just web?  
Just web.  
No way. Yeah.  
Perfect. That's that's easy. I mean that that narrow scope even further which which just means 
from a um you know from a timing perspective we can we can do it faster if it's one platform.  
Um I mean there's questions of whether you want it to be mobile resp responsive, you know, so 
you know, if someone's on their mobile phone, you know, and they're on the Safari uh on  
mobile. Yeah.  
Yeah. Yeah. We would want that.  
Cool.  
Yeah. Great. Um Yeah.  
Even it's mobile first.  
Yeah.  
Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Okay. Cool. Um wonderful. Well, yeah, if you wouldn't mind flicking over 
that document, I will speak to the team uh today or there's there's a few of our team off today, but 
um tomorrow and I'll start to get this actioned and uh yeah. We'll come back to you early next 
week at the latest and um and yeah, we'll we'll put something in front of you. Hopefully, it all 
makes sense and um yeah, we can we can pick up the second conversation.  
Okay. Okay, that's cool.  
Yeah,  
I'll send over the the the the link by email.  
Awesome. Sounds good. Thank you very much. Great to meet you and um yeah, looking 
forward to the next steps.  
Yeah, same here. Thank you so much for your time. Cheers. Bye bye, guys.  
