Cortex Single Sign-On
Proposal to gather fan data for the World Cup and use 
that data to both retarget known fans for future 
tournaments and support reach in sponsorship deals
1
Contents
1.
An SSO built for the World Cup and beyond
2.
Proposed Architecture
3.
Reference Cases
4.
Cortex Interface
5.
SLAs and Additional Technical Information
6.
Cost Breakdown
SSO built for the World Cup 
and beyond
01
Cortexʼs singular, secure fan identity platform SSO) will enable CazéTV to unlock 
increased commercial value from their audience. 
Providing a streamlined login experience for fans whilst also protecting and securing 
their data, a Single Sign-On will be the foundation for trusted, personalised digital 
experience for CazéTV viewers.
Cortexʼs SSO provides CazéTV with the capability to build direct audience 
relationships, gathering data that will drive commercial value for the business both 
during the World Cup and beyond.
Cortex SSO The Unified 
Fan Identity Platform
Seamless digital journeys, stronger security and superior 
data capture. 
SSO provides a unified experience across all digital touchpoints to 
optimise user registration, capture relevant data and create deeper 
audience profiles. Key Cortex SSO features include:
-
OAuth 2.0 / OpenID Connect compliant.
-
A configurable microsite for a quick implementation time.
-
Account Link functionality means that other sponsor user 
accounts can be linked o the SSO with ease, reducing 
individual project development cycles and mitigating full 
refactoring.
-
Scalability and security at the platformʼs core to deal with 
high volumes of traffic in sports.
-
Social login for Apple, Facebook, and Google out of the box
Cortex SSO
Key features for CazéTV
Fully compatible with LiveLike products, 
incorporating support for OAuth 2.0, Open ID 
Connect, and JWT straight 'out-of-the-box', with 
an established working relationship with LiveLike
Livelike readiness
Restrict fans of a certain age from signing up, 
ensuring that you meet the standards of 
compliance that are necessary. This is flexible so 
can be changed should regulation change
D.O.B registration restrictions
Giving fans power over their own data and acting 
as a gateway to SSO sign-ups, Preference 
Centres are purpose built to allow registered and 
unregistered fans to set their wider content and 
marketing preferences.
Preference centre
Exclusive to Cortex SSO customers, Fan 
Manager is a central platform to manage your 
fans Single Sign-On account, giving you the 
power to self-serve.
Fan Manager
Cortex SSO features sports-ready autoscaling 
trusted by many of the biggest sports teams in 
the industry, designed to auto-scale through 
crucial high-traffic peaks in live sports settings.
Autoscaling
The included account linking functionality allows 
fans to link 3rd party accounts into their CazéTV 
SSO, supporting CazéTV's long term vision of 
building a scalable SSO. 
Sponsor-ready
Driving long-term value for CazéTV
CazéTV should own their own database of known fan records to drive long-term commercial value - and the World Cup is the 
perfect opportunity to have a large contactable database out of the blocks.
Cortex SSO acts as the digital front door to the CazéTV ecosystem. For the World Cup, where the audience is in the tens of 
millions, an SSO serves several critical functions:
•
Identity Consolidation: It links a user accounts across different touchpoints (web, mobile app, etc.), and across 3rd party services 
such as LiveLike predictor and Sponsor accounts.
•
Reduced Friction: By using social logins through the SSO, CazéTV lowers the barrier to entry, helping to ensure high conversion from 
anonymous viewer to registered user during high-traffic matches.
•
Data Sovereignty: Relying solely on YouTube means you donʼt own the primary relationship. With an SSO, CazéTV owns the 
First-Party Data, leaving ample room for retargetting at other events.
7
The Results
Behavioural profiling
Identify where fans are to better retarget 
with content they are likely to engage 
with
Commercial packaging
Instead of just selling an asset, you are 
able to sell ‘access to 5 million fans who 
played the predictor game.ʼ Separately, 
open up more D2C marketing 
opportunities.
Churn Prevention
Fans who interact with World Cup 
activations can be directly re-engaged 
to participate in future activations, 
driving up engagement in future
Remove friction
Retain a consistent fan experience. Fans 
are not likely to want to create new SSO 
accounts with different providers every 
time they engage with a predictor
Adding value to sponsors in the tournament 
Death of the probabilistic guess
When a sponsor signs a deal, they rely on a best guess of who the gamification 
audience is. With Cortex SSO, CazéTV provides Deterministic Data.
The Value: Sponsors can be told exactly how many verified 1834-year-olds 
in São Paulo engaged with a certain activation. This precision justifies a higher 
CPM because there is zero waste.
Zero Party Data enrichment
During the World Cup signup, CazéTV can ask a single "Golden Question" (e.g., 
‘What is your favorite beer?ʼ or ‘Are you looking to buy a new car this year?ʼ).
The Value: CazéTV can then offer a sponsor like Jeep a segment of 500,000 
users who explicitly stated they are in the market for an SUV, rather than just 
people who happen to like football.
Hyper-targeted post event follow up
The World Cup is a massive top-of-funnel event. The real value for a sponsor is 
staying in front of those fans after the final whistle.
The Value: Using the data held in the Cortex Fan Manager, you can offer 
sponsors access to specific segments. For example, a betting sponsor can 
retarget only users who were highly engaged with predictor games, knowing 
those fans are more likely to convert.
Closed loop attribution
Sponsors often struggle to prove that an activation via sponsorship led to a sale.
The Value: Cortexʼs audit logs can help CazéTV meet use cases such as 
proving to a sponsor: ‘10,000 people who logged during the World Cup 
activation used your discount code to buy a jersey within 48 hours.ʼ
One SSO  Ongoing Value to Sponsors
1. A Platform, Not a Campaign
Traditionally, digital media companies 
build separate islands for different events 
to satisfy different lead-generation 
requirements from sponsors. With Cortex, 
CazéTV maintains one persistent identity 
across all activations run, whether it be for 
the 2026 World Cup, the 2027 Women's 
World Cup, the Olympics, or the NFL.
BENEFIT
A fan who signs up during the World Cup 
doesn't have to re-register when CazéTV 
runs an activation for another event.
RESULT
This eliminates onboarding fatigue, 
ensuring that CazéTVʼs authenticated user 
base only grows and never resets. In turn, 
this helps CazéTV to grow their brand.
9
2. Sponsor Agility
As CazéTV are seeing, sponsorship deals 
can be signed last minute. Without a 
unified SSO, a new sponsor may require 
weeks of custom dev work to capture 
data, leading to missed opportunities.
WITH CORTEX
CazéTV can rapidly spin-up a new login 
question in the Admin Console. 
SPEED TO MARKET
If a new sponsor deal comes through, 
CazéTV can reactively update the SSO 
onboarding flow to start collecting 
specific data for that sponsor, with 
minimal effort.
3. Continuous Attribution 
Across the Calendar
Because the SSO is persistent, CazéTV 
can track a fan's journey across multiple 
sponsored events, collecting various data.
THE PITCH TO SPONSORS
"We know this user saw your ad during 
the World Cup due to their engagement 
with your LiveLike game activation, played 
a different game during the Bundesliga 
season, and registered for preferences 
around the Olympics.ˮ
THE VALUE
This creates long-term attribution that 
most broadcasters can't offer, making 
CazéTV's sponsorship packages 
significantly more valuable because they 
can prove uplifts over time, not just during 
a 90-minute window.
Cortex Products are explicitly designed for sports applications; therefore, Cortexʼs SSO 
scales automatically with increases in traffic. In a recent live ("Production") situations, 
Cortex SSO systems automatically scaled up as follows: 
●
In March 2026 Cortex SSO scaled with a peak of 2500 requests per second 
(150,000 requests per minute).
●
In another instance, Cortex SSO scaled with a p95 latency of 5ms across nearly 
10 million requests with a peak of 1300 requests per second. 
●
In a further example, Cortex SSO scaled to a peak of 930 requests per second.
Notable other sporting high traffic occasions across other Cortex products include:
•
Ascot persistent high volumes during Royal Ascot week
•
The Hundred app throughout the entire 4 week competition
•
The Crystal Palace website and apps during their 2022 FA Cup semi final against Chelsea
•
The EPCR website during the Challenge Cup Final 2024
•
Birmingham City website and apps when Wayne Rooney was sacked as manager
•
The Euroleague website during the Final Four 2024  600m API calls per month
•
Arsenal SSO launch with over 650 API calls per second
Robust & Scalable for the 
World Cup
Quick to Deploy
Step 1
Finalise contracts & 
signature
Step 2
CazéTV create their 
own SendGrid 
account and domain 
details.
Step 3
Cortex switch-on 
CazéTVʼs SSO 
environment and 
provide access, plus 
deploy microsite.
Step 4
LiveLike integrate 
Cortex SSO using 
OAuth 2.0 and OIDC.
Step 5
CazéTV or their 
partners integrate 
LiveLike 
implementation into 
their desired 
website & app 
experience.
17th April
11th May
20th April
23rd April
23rd April-11th May
Indicative timelines only. 
The Cortex SSO Microsite is designed for rapid deployment and leverages common industry standards to support this through 
familiar implementation processes. Furthermore, the microsite is often used by our customers as an entry point to expand to 
more bespoke fan-facing SSO frontends in the future. 
Key Compliance Features
Bulk Suspend/Unsuspend Accounts: Manage large groups of users at once.
Bulk Delete: Handle data cleansing and right-to-be-forgotten requests.
Email Template Builder: Customise all fan-facing communication.
Role Based Access Control RBAC Control who on your team can see and do what.
Date of Birth Controls: Restrict under 13s from registering an account
Compliance: Cortex SSO is fully compliant with EU and UK GDPR, and as a result, it 
inherently aligns with the core principles of the Brazilian LGPD. This includes features such 
as user deletion requests / right to be forgotten, audit trails and full visibility of all data held 
on a fan to support Data Subject Access Requests DSARs
Reporting Functionality
Get a high-level overview analysis of 
your unified SSO fanbase coviering 
aspects of sign-ins, total users, 
registrations and more...
SSO Dashboard Reporting
Maintain a complete, transparent record 
of all activities for compliance and 
security.
Audit Logs
Feed your SSO data directly into your 
existing security SIEM) platforms.
SIEM Integrations
Secure & Seamless: 
Quick login for fans 
across all your digital 
properties, securely 
hosting your fan SSO 
accounts.
Built for Sports; Speed, stability and agile 
for commercial impact 
Large Spikes and 
Volumes: 
Experience in the 
volatility of traffic for 
Sports tournaments 
and major events, 
scaling as required.
Simple Onboarding: 
Microsite deployment 
to be up and running 
by the 11th May, given 
ample time for fans to 
sign up & the team to 
be trained.
Own your data: 
Own SSO account 
data and preferences 
for long term use, and 
ensure your team 
donʼt start from a 
customer base of 0 
for future 
tournaments. 
Commercial impact: 
Quantifying each of 
your sponsors reach 
beyond the World 
Cup, gaining more 
value in negotiating 
rights.
Proposed Architecture
02
Proposed Architecture
Cortex SSO Microsite Editor Example
Brazilian Portuguese translations shown are not finalised.
Using Cortexʼs Microsite 
UI Editor, you can brand 
your login portal without 
needing a developer. 
This includes imagery, 
colours, fonts, and data 
fields collected, 
including the ability to 
add or remove new 
custom fields, and to 
make certain fields 
compulsory and others 
optional on sign-up.
Reference Cases
03
Arsenal - High Traffic Scale
Project Brief: Arsenal have huge ambitions for their future Digital Membership proposition, soon to launch. They needed to centralise data sources, to 
reduce duplicate fan records and have an infrastructure that can support very high levels of traffic. Cortex SSO solution is powering this future, tying 
together multiple sports-specific data sources and reducing fan complexity
Delivery leadership
Complex Governance
Multiple internal departments with competing interests 
had to be managed, resulting in a single execution 
that worked for all parties
Multiple (changing) vendors
Across the project Cortex worked with third party 
partners including: Cadence, Inviqa, Stream, 
TripleJump, Ticketmaster, NTT, and more, with 
changing scope & custom execution for Ticketmaster.
High impact/stakes rollout
Avoiding downtime & supporter impact, we launched 
at 4am. Cortex a key part of the go-live team to 
ensure seamless rollout
Technical Operational Excellence
SSO Merge: Complexity to Clarity
Arsenalʼs prior SSO allowed one user to create many 
accounts. We worked to merge into lead accounts, and 
handled complex Member account migrationed with 
Ticketmaster.
Date of Birth registration restrictions
Our Junior>Guardian feature enables Junior fans to 
have their own account. As such, AFC now targeted 
comms & content relevant to them 
Fighting Bots
Our comprehensive audit logs help Arsenal fight bots, 
identifying suspicious behaviours to investigate.
Business Domain Context
Empowering Arsenalʼs Next Step
As Arsenal gear up to supercharge their marketing & 
memberships, they need trust their underlying data and 
ability the ability to use it to drive growth.
Results: 13m data records |4.2m SSO | 10% duplicates
Single Source Of Opt-In Truth
Historically, Arsenalʼs marketing teams and fans were 
impacted by a lack of confidence and clarity in the Opt-In 
status of supporters, with records stored in multiple 
locations.
Our preference centre with known/unknown contacts 
removes this; preferences are now used across multiple 
channels, driving personalised comms
How Cortex supported across the core pillars: 
Arsenal SSO
Six Nations - Quick Deployment
Project Brief: Six Nations; Implemented by Stadion - Created a dynamic sign up flow to engage fans across the globe, delivered extremely quickly 
ahead of the competition in order to capitalise on engagement and encourage sharing of preferences. Deployed across 6N games and Fantasy.
Delivery leadership
4 week go live
By remaining close to oversee Technical 
Implementations, the project achieved a rapid time to 
market, going live with SSO in four weeks from 
contract signing, ahead of the tournament, 
demonstrating an ability to meet critical deadlines.
Changing scope
The project involved multiple external parties, 
specifically Two Circles and Stadion. The engagement 
ultimately became a custom build because 
implementation partner kept changing their mind on 
the flow. The team provided the API to make the 
implementation easier for them.
Technical Operational Excellence
Scalability designed for event driven Peaks
The system is designed to handle the peaks and troughs in 
the sports industry, with peak sign-up naturally around 
tournament. The platform is built to automatically scale up 
rapidly to meet demand.
Key integrations
include Stadion for the website and Monterosa as the 
gamification integrator. Connecting fans seamlessly across 
for Fantasy game engagement.
Social Logins 
Implementation included social media login integration to 
remove friction in user journey
Business Domain Context
User growth
Data blind spot before implementing Cortex SSO, resulting 
in limited to zero understanding of the Six Nations fan base. 
Unable to establish a unified fan identity, meant they were 
unaware of who was using their platforms and with limited 
context on fan behavior or the specific content they 
interacted with.
Standing start
Six Nations had zero SSO before launch and reached 1 
million users in the first year.
Opportunity
Iterated and built in the 2 months prior to the tournament as 
SSO grew by 219,000 users
How Cortex supported across the core pillars: 
Six Nations SSO
Crystal Palace - Commercial value
Project Brief: Part of a digital transformation programme, InCrowd and UNRVLD (formerly Delete) implemented Cortexʼs SSO across, website, app, 
ticketing, and retail. The project objective was to transform their ticket-led Memberships into a year round digital membership proposition, driven by 
gated content and access to Member benefits, personalised comms, content and experiences, and highly targeted marketing. 
Delivery leadership
Data cleanse ownership
With data to ingest from legacy static and numerous 
live data sources, cleansing the data was critical. 
Cortex owned the process to map data, key fields, and 
the merge process on CPFCʼs behalf
Meeting owner requirements
As ultimate sponsor, the CPFC owner was a key 
stakeholder in the project. As such, Cortex with CPFC 
used SSO and the Entitlements service to show live 
how the new architecture could drive Anonymous > 
Free > Paid journeys
Technical Operational Excellence
Entitlements Store
Built for CPFC to enable fans to buy a Ticketing Membership 
and immediately access digital content, the Entitlements 
Store granted immediate access to SSO users after 
purchase on SeatGeek
Buy Membership on SeatGeek > Immediately Update SSO  Add Live 
Stream Entitlement > Watch Eligible Content
Preferences Engine
Palace wanted to collect behaviour from known and 
unknown fans. We enabled this by storing web/app 
behaviour for anonymous users. Once the person became 
know, we merge both accounts to ensure all behaviours 
were actionable
All of the above documented in our Dev portal)
Business Domain Context
Recent similar process for fans
Palace had previously launched SSO c.4 years prior. As 
such, we worked closely with Palace to ensure comms and 
the process to recreate SSO accounts and reset passwords 
was seamless for supporters, as well as our Academy 
portal.
Huge Growth Opportunity
Palace saw untapped revenue potential. As part of  
Discovery & subsequent implementation, Cortex identified 
key web & app use cases to deliver personalised content 
and experiences: all powered by SSO & entitlements
Results: Est. 4x SSO Growth | 220% Membership Revenue
How Cortex supported across the core pillars: 
Crystal Palace FC SSO
Cortex SSO Standard Product Microsite
Client
Link
Ascot
https://login.ascot.com
SA20
https://login.sa20.co.za 
Burnley
https://login.burnleyfootballclub.com
CWI
https://login.windiescricket.com
EPCR
https://login.epcrugby.com 
Gloucester Rugby
https://login.gloucesterrugby.co.uk 
Ulster
https://login.ulster.rugby
Premiership Rugby
https://login.premiershiprugby.com 
Cortexʼs SSO microsite is used widely across sport globally, with examples including:
Cortex interface
04
Cortex SSO  Fan Manager & Configuration 
As a SaaS platform, CazéTV and 
LiveMode staff can access and 
configure Cortex SSO whenever 
needed through the Cortex platform 
user interface.
This includes the ability to view an 
individual fanʼs record, including al 
the detail held within it, and to 
perform actions such as edit or 
suspend the account. 
Cortex SSO  Email Templates 
Email templates can be set up and edited from within the Cortex SSO platform. CazéTV will be required to obtain 
a SendGrid account (see step 2; slide 12) prior to the SSO launch to power the service emails for SSO.
SLAs and Additional 
Technical Information
05
Success, Training & Support
30
We help you drive value 
via success planning, 
outcome reporting, ROI 
realisation and a 
proactive approach to 
sharing best practice
'Open door' policy on 
product feature requests 
and feedback, with 
customers directly 
involved in our research 
and design process
Comprehensive 
documentation, both 
technical and 
user-based, including 
access to the Cortex 
Academy
Bespoke training 
sessions for CazéTV 
staff, at launch and 
annually
24/7 monitoring across 
all Cortex systems, with 
proactive issue resolution
Direct involvement in 
discovery and 
implementation, 
ensuring the solution is 
set up for success
With Cortex, we are not a faceless software business - instead, we provide a hands-on approach 
to ensuring our customers maximise the value from our products.
31
Support and Monitoring
Cortex employs always-on, 24/7 monitoring. Our monitoring 
software runs round the clock checks on our entire production 
infrastructure, alerting us to anomalous metrics and issues. Any 
global production outages identified will be resolved proactively, 
restoring access to critical services as soon as possible. 
Additionally, our Support Desk handles support requests directly from 
customers, with detials available in our Cortex Support guide, which can  
can be found here.
Support requests can be submitted:
•
Via the in-platform chatbot on the Cortex platform homepage.
•
Via the Cortex Academy (which also contains extensive ‘how-toʼ 
guides, to help answer any general platform queries you may have)
•
Via email, to support@cortexacademy.zendesk.com
Status Page and Automated Alerts
Cortexʼs Status Page allows you to access real-time information on 
the System Status, broken down by both Product and Service. This 
also details system uptime over the past 90 days. 
We also operate a comprehensive system of automated alerts in 
the highly unlikely case of any system issues or downtime.
When platform maintenance is performed, this is communicated 
proactively to our customers, from scheduling, to commencement, 
to completion.
Please note, no SSO system maintenance will be scheduled during 
any key periods for CazéTV during the World Cup activation.
Optional: additional 
peak time support 
If required, we can work with CazéTV to define a temporary support 
model during periods of expected peak traffic during the World Cup 
activation.
This could include:
•
First-line, on-call helpdesk, contactable via telephone for 
CazéTV or LiveLike personnel in case of any issues
•
On-call development resource to support with issue resolution
This is not included in our current licence fees and would require 
separate scoping.
NB we do not provide support services directly to fans.
Hosting Information
 
Topic
Detail
Infrastructure 
architecture
Core Architecture AWS us-west-2  Oregon): EKS 
Kubernetes cluster spanning 3 AZs with hot-spare 
pod redundancy. MongoDB Atlas clusters use 
cross-region replica sets 8-hour automated 
snapshots). PostgreSQL employs a Multi-AZ 
deployment providing fault tolerance, Point-in-Time 
Restore, and data security via encryption at rest & in 
transit.
Core Infrastructure hosted on AWS Instances 
located in us-west-2.
Geo-distribution
As above, AWS instances are located in us-west-2, 
including three availability zones
CDN integration
Content and media are automatically served through 
a world-class Content Delivery Network CDN, 
Cloudfront, with auto-scaling
Monitoring / 
observability tooling
SIEM Integration with Application Performance 
Monitoring platform provided by Datadog. Automatic 
internal alerts and escalations to the relevant Dev 
team based on multiple metrics including API 
latency, error rate etc
Security hardening
Annual pen testing. Application Security tools scan 
static and runtime code for secure coding 
compliance, including OWASP principles.  A CSPM 
platform continuously scans for vulnerabilities and 
misconfigurations
Backup & disaster 
recovery strategy
Databases are backed up every 8 hours with 
backups hosted in AWS. Deployments are supported 
by GitOps.
All public facing and high 
availability systems are hosted on 
Amazon Web Services AWS) in 
Dublin EU-west-1) or Oregon 
(us-west-2. The environment is 
further split over all 3 availability 
zones AZs in the region providing 
further redundancy.
Cortex use Cloudfront, AWSʼs CDN 
solution, for all public facing APIs to 
provide a layer of caching where 
possible as well as acting as the 
termination point of SSLs with a WAF 
monitoring inbound traffic.
 
Example Service
Cortex build all systems as “Microservicesˮ - and we 
determine a Microservice as having a single “concernˮ. 
Microservices allow us to continuously iterate and deploy 
on large systems without impacts on availability as well as 
improving maintainability due to the smaller codebases of 
each service.
An example service is shown - with each service using 
either a relational PostgreSQL) or document store 
MongoDB
Some services use Redis as an accelerated caching layer.
Amazon Web Services - US-west-2
CloudFront CDN
Elastic Load Balancer
Kubernetes Engine
Docker Deployment of Service
gRPC for Service Communication
Redis Cache
PostgresSQL
MongoDB
Additional Security & Privacy Information
 
Security, Compliance, Privacy
SSO
HTTPS enforced site wide.
Yes
JWT or OAuth tokens for all API requests.
Yes - OpenID Connect compatible SSO
Public / Private keys for SSO
Rate limiting and throttling for APIs.
Yes
Content Security Policy CSP) headers.
Yes
GDPR compliance with consent tracking.
Yes - included via our preferences service
Secure data storage (encrypted at rest).
Encryption at rest and in transit.
Annual penetration testing and code audits.
Cortex undertakes annual pentesting as standard
Database replication for read scalability.
Yes
Cost Breakdown
06
Cortex Pricing Overview
Cortexʼs pricing is an annual licencing model; with volumetric tiers. 
Pricing for SSO is based on the total number of SSO records in the 
system. This ensures that, unlike with some other SSO platforms, 
higher engagement (i.e. more frequent log-ins) does not result in 
higher costs for CazéTV. All Cortex licensing allows for unlimited 
users from each organisation.
We also offer incremental discounts based on the duration of the 
contract term, as shown below:
Multi Year Discount Framework
Years
2
3
4
5
6
Discount
2.5%
5%
7.5%
10%
12.5%
Cortex Licence Costs
Prices below are shown for a 1, 2 or 3 year contract length. Our current 
estimated banding for CazéTV is highlighted in green. 
Banding
Total number of SSO 
records
Annual 1 year Cost
Annual 2 year Cost 
2.5% discount)
Annual 3 year Cost
5% discount)
Enterprise 21
12,500,000
£200,120
£195,117
£190,114
Enterprise 22
15,000,000
£212,120
£206,817
£201,514
Enterprise 23
17,500,000
£223,130
£218,517
£212,914
Enterprise 24
20,000,000
£236,120
£230,217
£224,314
Enterprise 25
22,500,000
£248,120
£241,917
£235,714
NB contractual limits for API calls, media storage, bandwidth and CDN requests also apply.
Prices are valid for 90 days from the date of proposal submission. Prices exclude VAT or other applicable 
local taxes. Invoices are payable annually in advance; payment terms 30 days.
Where the Customer moves up a band within a contract year, the difference between the new and 
previous band will be prorated and an invoice will be issued for the remainder of the year on this basis.
Contact Us            →            Visit Website      →
Thank you
