be starting. Cool. Okay. Um, so in terms of the questions you had, so I what I can do is I can we 
sort of send back some answers, you know, written answers to this if needed after this. Um, but 
given you know the the time um and and needing to sort of have  this conversation now, I just 
thought let's talk through it and then um and then obviously we can we can you know have a 
conversation about yeah any um any additional points and and I can send over additional 
information as well if needed. So, um, is it b est if we just sort of run through top to bottom, 
Rodrigo?  
Yeah, I think so. Yeah, the the main ones, right?  
But you have what do you think? You have  
I think we can we can uh as we have like 30 minutes uh we can go through the macro teams and 
then uh we can talk about number one and number two like not in details and then you can 
answer by mail or another form like in the each questions that you we have  here.  
Yep. Okay, perfect. Um yeah, so number one obviously in terms of handling peak traffic at scale 
that's totally fine. Um you know we work with Yahoo, Yahoo Sport, uh we work with, you 
know, Bleach Report, we work with, you know, a whole heap of different sp orts and media or 
organizations around the world um who have millions of concurrent users especially around big 
fixtures. Um so we don't have any issues around this. Um I need to follow up on exactly what the 
maximum number of users tested is but it would be well above 10 million. Well above um just 
because of the you know just because of the scale that we deal with with some of those 
customers. Um we obviously have full SLA which I can send you um which talks to you know 
uptime which talks to um you know w e we have autoscaling infrastructure we utilize AWS um 
as our bedrock so you know that's obviously easy to to sort of support this type of activation uh 
and we support all of these different platforms as well. So um again if we do end up doing a web 
view f or you guys then we would make that uh web view uh mobile um mobile responsive uh 
and and web as discussed uh not not app um unless you want app Rodrigo uh but you know  
yeah only only web yeah  
yeah web and then mobile web um so we would make it responsive on both of those platforms  
uh and and we would test it based on that as well and we would test it against the you know the 
10 to 15 million users so  
that's totally fine um okay so local support so uh we do have, you know, local presence and and 
time zone. We don't have people in Brazil, but we have people in, you know, in Europe and we 
have people in North America. Um so we can support your time zone. We do have Portuguese 
speaking support as you met last week. Uh oh, sorry, earlier in the week. Um the time zone 
coverage, as I said, we have people in North America, we have people in Europe. Um so we we 
would be able to support, you know, the full uh you  know, in uh in tournament time zone. We do 
have local account managers. Uh depending on the scope and scale it would be you would have 
people um based in North America I think would probably be the team that look after you. Um 
we also have technical support in North America. Um all of our dev is done out of India and we 
do have people who would support the project from there. Um but all of the lead would be done 
from North America.  
Uh that that support you're talking is about the the ones that we um are going to um that you're 
going to support us during the the the development. And then there's another kind of support 
which is the directly to the final user the the user of the of the  the game. So that kind of support 
you also um manage.  
We don't deal with No, we don't we don't deal with users. Um that would be you guys because 
we we embed our solution into your web page. So we would deal with you guys directly. Uh and 
obviously we would make sure that the the the you know the prediction g ame is fully responsive 
and working and everything. Um and again because we we would have tested that uh we we 
don't provide you know sort of player support kind of thing that would be left to you guys. Okay.  
Okay. So for example um a player is having trouble logging in for whatever reason. So we would 
need to have like some um FAQ but also an email support or a chat support that would be an 
insight team that would be um helping those users right  
yeah so in terms of login like we don't have our own login we actually uh adopt the login of the 
customer so we would integrate with your single sign on or with your identity partner and 
basically utilize their login then pass authentication tokens back an d forth so that we know that 
it's you know John Smith who's logging in um to play this game. Uh we don't actually collect 
any personal data. Um so if there's a problem with the login again that would be handled on your 
side because we just simply we do the  same um you know uh platform or process that's already 
in place.  
But I mean when when the a user is trying is a user um is going to create his his account for at 
the for the the prediction game he can create um as a free user. So he just creates an email uh 
puts on his email a password and then he creates his account. I f he  
I don't know he forgets his password and he can  
for some reason I don't know his limited um digitally so he he think it's easier to ask for support 
to recover his account. So that would be totally on on our side. Right.  
Correct. Again, because we we don't create a new login in our system for this game.  
Okay. I I get it. Okay. So, if he creates the the new login, it's that it's directly here with us. You 
don't have that data.  
We do not have that data. No, that's you guys.  
So, we will need to have here some kind of um database.  
Do you have one? I mean, do you do you have single sign on or do you have um some sort of 
authentication solution  
from our partner? I don't think so. Our client, sorry.  
It would be a question to check. Um definitely. I I'll put it in the email uh when I follow up, but 
it's a question to check because I would be I'd be surprised if they didn't. Um but if they don't, we 
can also we we have solutions um and and we can provid e, you know, the login if we need to. 
Typically, though a lot of um our customers tend to like to use their identity and solution because 
it means that they can hold all of the data for the for the customers. They then control that. They 
control all the no tifications. They control all of the marketing. It's you know it's at the end of the 
day it's their audience. Um and that tends to be the preferable you know way way to deal with it. 
But we can we can pick that up separately.  
Okay.  
Um we can provide 247 support. Uh but again wouldn't be customer support, it would be 
supporting you guys and your partner. Um, that's not part of our standard terms, but we can add 
it for the World Cup if you did want to have that. Um, that's fine. Uh, re sponse times for critical 
incidents, that's all in our SLA, which I can share. Uh, but typically it's 2 hours. Um, so, uh, 
again, if we've got the 24/7 support, it would be shorter, but just per our standard SLA response 
times, it's 2 hours. Mhm.  
Escalation structure. Um we have our own uh structure here. Uh slightly different to this. Um but 
it's very similar. Um so in terms of who handles these uh we have staff who are always on um 
basically to identify issues um and keep a keep tabs on you know the infrastructure itself. Um so 
we deal with you know typically level two and level three um from a technical and infrastructure 
standpoint. you guys would look after the users as I said um and again it's all in the SLA in terms 
of sort of how that's mana ged but um but yeah it's it's monitored quite closely  
uh user support and incident management um end user complaints would be you guys again 
we've never had a problem with our solution with clients and and and sort of end users um in 
terms of technical bugs uh we obviously handle them. Um, so you know, if the y're identified by 
you guys or by us, we would just run a quick patch and get that sorted. Um, we do have a 
workflow for bugs and we do have a workflow for large scale incidents. Again, that's all in our 
SLA document which talks to the escalation structure , um, which I can send over after this.  
And Alex, do you have a platform to so we can follow through all the uh, the incidents or 
whatever we have in technical problems. So, uh how do we uh open a how do you call or how do  
a ticket?  
Yeah.  
Yeah. Can be a ticket.  
Yep. So, part of our  
follow  
So, part of our support you would get access to obviously us directly. So, emails, uh phone, 
whatever. Uh but you would also get a dedicated Slack channel if you guys use Slack.  
Uh and we would also get a uh an email address which which is essentially our support line. So 
if you contact us in any of those uh forms then it would automatically create a ticket which 
would be sent to you and to us to track the progress of that you kno w that that issue. Uh again 
typically we don't see many to be honest. Um but that that support line is there um however you 
guys want to use it.  
Okay. Uh data yes we're fully GD PR compliant that is because we don't hold any PII data on our 
side that is all situated with the client um so that's clear uh the data is is hosted um here in the US 
on our side so but again we don't host any identified pe rsonal identified data it's all to do with 
like you know the pics and you know the interaction that they have the badges that they've got all 
of the user sort of specific um data related to our platform. We then have what we call a live like 
ID which then matches up with the ID on your side so that you guys can do identity resolution. 
But again, you know, 1 2 3 4 5 is just a number to us. That's the person's identity and we don't 
know who that person is or any of the data associated with that account. Um th at all sits on the 
client side, which is why we're GDPR compliant. And from the users data standpoint, the user 
data is hosted on that side. We do have sock um sock 2. So again can provide that youth safety 
um is an interesting one. It tends to be handled at the SSO level. So single sign on level because 
those guys do  
yeah they manage that. Um again if you wanted age verification in your flow we can work that 
in. That's no problem. Um and yeah we can work through that in terms of sort of how we handle 
that. that's, you know, less of a concern.  
That's Let's go to the five. Yeah. Okay.  
Yep. Um data ownership. So, yes, the data is fully owned by the client. Um we do obviously 
retain user data as it relates to actions taken within our platform because we are the ledger for 
you know the badges that you've earned and the picks that you've ma de and you know we need 
to host that obviously to actually run the experience. But again, as I said, all of the user data is is 
back with the client. Um  
do do does my for example, us or the client can have like access to the user behavior. How is 
how what's the what's working, what's not working. So we can  
Okay.  
Absolutely. So we've got  
BI dashboards something like that.  
We've got a bunch of dashboards which you would have access to as part of this. Uh so you 
know you'll be able to see that as well if you want. We also have a number of agents uh so 
analytics agents that we we have on our side which provide more detailed uh insights and 
analytics.  
So depending on how you know how much data you want to you want to have. We can we can 
also give you access to the agents if you'd like. Um which is which is built within the within the 
platform.  
Okay.  
Okay. For this moment it's not necessary.  
Yeah. Dashboards are cool. Yep. Uh so yeah access to Yep. User database. You got full access to 
user database on our side but as I said it's not um it's more event behavior not you know actual 
user data.  
Um Uh what else we got here? Data extraction. Yes, Plex explores. Yes. Realtime APIs. You 
we're an API first company. So you can, you know, create APIs wherever you want basically. 
Um whether that's around data, whether that's around, um you know, the actu al games 
themselves. Again, um we can also do scheduled data dumps, up to you guys. Um we can figure 
that out. Uh if the partnership ends, the user accounts on our end are deleted. Uh all of the 
historical data is exported for you guys. If you want, you ca n it. Uh but if that doesn't happen 
then it is deleted. Um behavioral insights again deleted. Uh and if you guys want the full data 
export we can guarantee that. Uh but um but again we don't hold any data once a you know 
customer has ceased working with us . Um again part of GDPR part of you know data you know 
just health uh is is obviously getting rid of that.  
Um core yeah core product obviously um I've got a pres that's going to be coming through to you 
probably on Monday hopefully. Um but that'll that'll talk to this in terms of you know I guess the 
the features that we have you know the types of predictions t hat can you can have um and 
essentially how we can we can answer your brief uh but we do have just to run through this we 
have yes we have that um we have exact score we have special predictions we have live 
predictions uh if you want it we have multiple p rediction types we have logic uh scoring logic 
configuration in the back end which is bespoke. Uh there is global rankings, we've got public and 
private leagues, we've got period pace rankings, we have missions and challenges, we have 
badges, we have prize  structures, and we have API for live data display. Um we would rely on if 
you wanted live, we would rely on you guys having a stats perform um data feed or something 
like that which we can feed the data from. Um you know, you can do it manually as well if  you 
want manual resolution. But if you did want realtime auto resolution, then we would need a data 
um feed from somewhere.  
Yeah, we can arrange that maybe.  
Perfect. Um number seven, league management. So private leagues. Again, this is all 
configurable. So if you want users to be able to create leagues freely, we can allow that. If you 
want them to be able to only create leagues if they're of a certain, you know, type of uh type of 
um profile.  
Yep. Or user. You can do that.  
We can set uh participation limits. We don't have a maximum number. Uh it's it's open, but 
again, we would recommend there being a limit because, you know, people tend to get silly and 
we want to sort of try and keep them within a bit of a guard rail.  
Yeah. Um uh yes. So there yes, there is restrictions by subscription status. Um it can be restricted 
by partner eligibility. Uh and there are moderation tools built into our back end. Um, and then uh 
what did you mean by anti - fraud?  
Someone who's trying to fraud the system but by some some way or some type of behavior that 
looks um that looks like he's trying to fraud something. I I don't think it's it has a features that 
maybe it tends to to have some kind of fraud in this game. But just to check.  
Yeah. Well, maybe you can have a a digital robot that that will create a lot of private leads. So, 
it's not real a real person creating the leads. So, you can have a some kind of robots.  
Yeah, for sure. So, in terms of, you know, I guess the anti -fraud piece from the gameplay piece 
um and the predictions, we basically lock the predictions off at it's time the game starts. So, in 
terms of actually there being able to make any predictions in  the game itself, that won't be 
allowed because that will be systemized to basically shut off if the game starts at 2 p.m. then the 
the predictions will shut off at 159 uh not allowing any additional  
um predictions. And then uh in terms of the user piece, obviously there is authentication there. 
We can do you know um we can do single sign on or we can do um two pay as well uh which 
obviously protects from things like bots. So again  
that would be more a question for your single sign on you know does it support that typically 
they do um but yeah that's totally fine  
okay uh gameplay and scoring um score updates can be real time as I said if we can have access 
to a live data feed that can happen live uh end of match updates again that can be live uh batch 
updates. Again, I mean t if you've got the data feed, you would do it live. If you wanted to do 
batch updates, you can also do that. Um you can do that manually. Uh but again, that's totally 
fine. And if you've got yeah, the official match data, then fantastic. That's perfect. Um we don't 
have to worry about any manual  work.  
You you you don't have um you don't use already an official match data provider, right?  
So we don't have a subscription. We use our customers subscription. So we basically  
we have something here to to to deliver. Okay. I think we do have something here batch. Yeah. 
I'll have to check  
something like that.  
Yeah. Is octa um and and stats perform is the name of the company. That's the name of the the 
one that we want or the one we need. Uh is the official football stats and um you know results 
provider for the World Cup.  
Okay, I'll I'll check.  
Cool. Uh customization, UX, and front end. So, we have a professional services team that can 
work with you to design this. Um you know, we do have a lot of out of the box solutions as well. 
Um but in terms of the way that you're sort of thinking about this  and pulling it together, it would 
definitely be, you know, we definitely need to have some customization involved here. Um in 
our CMS, it's fully available to be themed. um you know changing in terms of colors, you can 
insert brand logos, there's a whole heap of stuff you can do there. Um so that that's fully um fine 
and yes we do provide UX UI design support. Um we do provide the front end and you do not I 
mean you can provide a design resource but we would recommend that we do it uh just because 
it's eas ier for us to do the back end and the front end together. Um it just creates efficiencies.  
Yeah, we someone who who does everything.  
Yeah,  
totally. Uh yeah. So, integration ecosystem. Okay. So, yeah, we're we're API first. Um as I said, 
we highly highly recommend um you know, integrating in with an SSO provider just because it 
solves so many problems. Uh and all then all the data sits with th e with the customer. Um when 
you say partner benefit integration, what do you mean by that? It's like a for example a sponsor 
that's a partner that is like one of the premium leagues and then we can we need to integrate with 
it with them to understand the data from the user and understand that that that user is active as a a 
premium member on our sponsor and then he will automatically um join the premium league.  
Yep. Totally. Yep. We can we can do that  
from SSO from the the user from the our buffer basically.  
Yeah. Yeah. We would need to work through that and exactly how you need it to work, but yeah, 
that's fine. We we can we can work through that. Um that's fine. Uh subscription verification. Do 
you mean payment or do you mean um is that to the one above?  
That's just like one information actual information like oh we understand that that user that's just 
like a detail the user does have of the subscription.  
Got it.  
Paid in the pre in in our our partner.  
Yeah. Got it.  
Together with the the the line above.  
Yeah. Yeah. Same thing.  
Yeah. I mean, we would we would have to work through that. Um exactly how that would that 
information would be passed to us, but we can certainly figure it out. Um  
it would just be essentially like a um yeah, like a It'd be a bit of authentication and yeah.  
Yeah. I don't know if maybe through an API or  
Yeah. No, it definitely be through an API just be about where it sits on our end. But yeah, we we 
we can work through that. That's okay.  
Yeah. Actually, we just need to to have a tag like uh like they have a list of the the users that are 
part of the the special club of them. So, we just need to identify that and make a tag. in our data.  
Yeah, cuz I was we do have tags um like attributes we call them. Uh but we also can create user 
groups. So I was just thinking in in on the top of my head, would it be easier to do it by user 
group? Would it be easier to do it by attribute? Probably attrib ute. But again, I'll let the technical 
team figure that out.  
Yeah.  
Thing is that we have solutions.  
Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Um okay, so loyalty program like yes, we can We can integrate with a 
loyalty program for sure. We also have a loyalty program. Um so depending on whether they 
have one or not, we can we can help uh integrate with subscription databa ses. I presume that's 
payment um in terms of or or subscription of some sort of membership. Yep. Yes, we can do 
that. Uh and then premium access controls. So gating by status. Yes, we can do all this stuff. 
Again, we would need to understand exactly how th at works, but it's all possible.  
Yeah. uh notifications. Um so this would be handled by you guys. So um web and email push 
notifications would be handled by the client.  
We can send like notifications and triggers you guys to basically send those emails. Um but that 
would be managed by the client.  
Okay.  
Social sharing. We have all of this. Um so we have native social sharing features. Um That's 
across, you know, all the social platforms. You can also share via, you know, text or WhatsApp 
or whatever as well. So, there's a multitude of ways you can do that . Um, we would just need to 
set that up.  
We can geostrict uh as well. So, um, we can restrict to, you know, specific IP ranges or specific 
geographies. Um,  
that's fine.  
Uh, road map evolution. Um,  
I don't think that that that is right now the road map evolution in my vision because we 
understand that you already have like all the the the features so you don't need to adapt anything 
for us.  
Okay, great. Uh commercial side, I I haven't actually run the numbers yet. Um  
but I need to do that.  
That was going to be my last question.  
A couple of questions for you on this. So in terms of sort of you know is this going to start and 
stop just for the World Cup? Yeah. Um the world cup would be like um the validation of of the 
whole idea of the of digital products for for Kazio for the clie nt. So basically yes, we're going to 
do like this first validation for the World Cup.  
So saying that we're going to start one month before the World Cup. It would be in the 11th of 
May.  
Yeah.  
Until the end of July, for example. So it would be like two two months and a half.  
Yeah.  
But Um, Kazet also owns the rights of the domestic league, Brazilian domestic league. They 
already also own rights for Olympic sports and for other other types of sports, next year we will 
have the women's world cup.  
So basically, if we get things done right here and the and the result is  
is is what we're thinking it can be. So basically, we would be validating everything.  
Yeah. Okay.  
Right. So Sounds good. Yeah. So, um just in terms of our structure, so we tend to have a setup 
fee. Uh then we have a subscription fee. So, you know, what it costs to actually license the 
technology and then we also have usage uh as well. So, you know, jus t to factor in the, you 
know, the support of the 10 million, I think is the number you gave me.  
So, um that would be the three buckets. So, I mean, I can definitely come back to you early next 
week with some numbers on that uh at least to give you an understanding of of cost uh and and 
everything. Um, what I might even do is on the presentation uh th at my team are pulling 
together, I might just I'll put in a slide in there for cost. Um, so you can get an understanding and 
then it's all in one place. I know you guys are trying to make a decision quite quickly. Um, and 
then we can obviously yeah, obviou sly talk about it then and um, yeah, go through any next 
steps. Um, experience references. I mean, I can send you a whole case studies as well um, as part 
of the follow up early next week with with the deck um as well. So, but yeah, I mean everything 
we've  talked about is definitely within the wheelhouse with what we do and um yeah, certainly 
different type of activations we've done in the past. So, um yeah, it's exciting.  
Great. Okay, thank you.  
Uh and Alex, uh just one one extra point as uh said uh it's it's a test for the first test in in digital 
products for a kaza uh we expecting 10 million but maybe we can have more or less than 10 
million users. So  
I don't know if it changed for you in the in the proposal or just to to make sure we can go further 
than 10 million if we have a big success. So  
yeah to the way it works is we'll give you a like an allowance um like a user allowance and then 
that will be lower than what your target number is. But then what we'll do is we'll create different 
like trenches above that so that you know you know that it 's going to cost you X. But then you 
know as the number grows then you'll pay more based on that. So we do that to protect you guys 
um to try and you know if it's if it is lower that's okay but if it's higher then you can sort of model 
out what that cost i s. So um you you'll see it in the in the deck. I'll make it pretty clear.  
Okay. Okay. Thank you.  
Perfect. I've got to jump, but um thank you for this. Uh I will come back to you early next week 
with this information and um yeah, look forward to to talking again early next week. Um maybe 
in the email that I send you uh guys, I'll put some times in to t o reconnect mid next week. Uh so 
we can keep pushing forward pretty quickly.  
Yes.  
Um can you also in the email send maybe some links on maybe some cases of projects that look 
similar to us to out this month?  
Okay. I'll do that and uh and I'll send the recordings as well.  
Yeah.  
Okay.  
Awesome. Thanks, guys. Have a great weekend.  
Thank you so much.  
Thank you. Thank you. Bye.  
Bye.  
 
