with I should be able to share a link for you to watch it, but for some reason Teams doesn't  
Yeah, it doesn't let me  
label. So, I just I downloaded them in the end, which I think  
if it's easier to just send me the transcript transcripts and it's fine for me as well.  
Okay. Saves you saves you reading through it. But, um, all good. So, the first bit was robustness, 
scale, reliability. I think we just spoke to you um about the Bet 365 and we also had um another 
scenario with the BBC in the UK um where we had over a milli on concurrents on um a 
Champions League game because users had to log in at exactly the same time. Um so we've had 
proven test case on that. I know 365 is higher than that. So I've asked the tech team to give me a 
report on that which I'll be able to share  with you. But we really don't see scale as an issue. 
because um it'll be all tested in UAT with a high volume of traffic. So I don't think um it that will 
that will be an issue. Um and I think we've spoke before about it being web mobile web um iOS 
and An droid um compatible  
just web web and web mobile. Yeah.  
Yeah.  
All good.  
And just for for us the we talk a lot of a lot about robustness and scalability because it's 
something that we are just afraid of  
in terms of the millions of users we think we're going to have. So  
yeah,  
that's why it's like number one item list. We we want to make sure that's not an issue.  
So that's why we we always talk about that  
and so I think we'll just need really the some some cases something like that so we can  
that's fine. I've got that coming for for a couple of clients. Um and then with those pred icted 
numbers. Where have those predicted numbers come from? Is that the average viewers that are 
on that are watching Siri or what's the where's that?  
Yeah, we we basically we we  
had a no worries uh financial modeling that we that we we uh do the in the last week. um based 
on some pre premises and basically looking for for example just to to I don't know if you know 
but um the YouTube channel from Kazat on on Brazil has over 25 mil lion um subscribers um the 
Instagram has over 15 million subscribers we are also planning on on on having sponsors right 
big sponsors that that  
60 million subscribers annually. So we did like some some some modeling in in some in these 
bases like um the the CTR conversion rate everything else and we understood that if we do a 
really good job we will manage to to reach that that 15 million users at least 50 million users and 
also I I know if I I mentioned this or in 2022 World Cup um Kaz was like starting the brand the 
the brand started in November and the World Cup was in Decem ber and they they managed to 
do a uh a prediction game with New Bank. It's a big bank here from from Brazil and they 
managed to um put 8 million users there with just far less um um investment product and 
technology. So  
yeah,  
we think we can we can do it.  
Mhm.  
Awesome. Yeah, definitely. So it wouldn't be 15 million concurrent. It' be 15 million users in 
total.  
Users. Yeah. Not concurrent.  
I was going to say that is a lot.  
Yeah.  
Yeah. That's all good. We're happy with that. I think there's a bit of feature to do that. Um that's 
similar to what 365 look at in terms of their audience as well. So, all good with that. And then I 
think we went through local support and and coverage. So , you'd have 247 coverage with um the 
chatbot. I think I mentioned in my email that we've already built that. So, effectively that's for 
live chat with  
um with client with customers using the app essentially. Um  
the the ballpark around that it's around it's around 5,000 to 10,000 a month. probably not 10,000, 
five to 7,000 a month probably um for that support and we can just bake that in essentially.  
How that works is they all have top level experience of fixes um and then anything that then goes 
into uh escalation goes straight to the devs basically. So it just goes to the infrastructure devs or 
whoever whoever it needs to essentially. So it goes into  P1, P2, P3 and they then all have their 
different that will all be in the SLA how long the response time in that is but um essentially is 
yeah um I think it's something like 10 minutes and down effectively so um but that can all be 
included in there um in  the SLA I'm more than happy with that  
and those people they are um low six employees or they you're so we built a team out for it um 
that just looks after that so we have a game management team and we have a customer service 
team. The two are some sometimes similar but sometimes different effe ctively with with how 
they work take on different things. So  
um 
cool and that sort of covers the user support and instant management piece in there. We spoke 
about security and compliance and governance. So ISO 2001 accredited the data will be um you 
we use Fiverr to um uh to basically move the data from the game to snow. flake then all of the 
um all of the data will sit in snowflake. You will then have access to that data in snowflake 
effectively and how you um however you want to um export that from there essentially the the 
youth safety  
the the just a quick question um Kazette V doesn't need to do anything here on his side to store 
the data nothing like that it's all on your side okay us. Yeah, I will handle that.  
And you you lo also has um uh access to the to the user data.  
No, it's we're just processing it. So, it's we  
Yeah. Yeah. We don't own any of that data. That's all theirs.  
Um 
but we can export it in the end and we will have the information and that's it.  
All in spreadsheet. Yeah. Exactly. Um or we can send it by protected spreadsheets. you the the a 
verification piece. How secure do you want this to be?  
That's like it's something that just came up here as a a concern, but we I believe that's um already 
um managed through an SSO, right? Because it already goes through like a partner or something 
like that.  
But in case he creates Yeah. But in case he he creates um a normal normal account with no no 
SSO login just it creates something. So we will have maybe need to have some kind of checkbox 
or something like that. See  
yeah  
we normally would do the KYC and do the um age verification when they win a prize. So only 
when they need to be rewarded with a prize we would then do the full But we can do a check 
check box at the start. That's absolutely fine.  
Yeah, I I I believe that's enough. I'll maybe I'll need to check, but I think it's it's just fine with just 
a check box.  
Um, cool. Um, and then data ownership. Oh, data fully owned by a client. Yes. Any data? No. 
So, there we've gone through that. Um, you take all of the data after a partnership. Um, don't take 
any of that. We have all of the dashboards. You'll have all of t hat taken over. Um, cool. So, core 
product features. So, going to show you a few bits just because I noticed we hadn't shown you 
any products. I'm just going to use my phone quickly.  
Okay.  
Just to give you an idea of some of the products and how how we work. One will be an eye 
gaming example. Um, and then I'll do one of the media partner as well. So, just adding my phone 
in. I got you. one. Was there any other questions on the data side of t hings?  
No, no, I think it's it's fine. It's clear.  
Let me know when you can see that. Yeah.  
Can you see my screen?  
Yeah, I see it. Cool. So, So this is the ad product in 365 um called overunders. Again this is all I 
framed in but this is all we're controlling all of this space in here effectively and it's an overund 
style game. You can choose your sport. Um you can see  what's live, what selections you've 
made, what's been settled. Um so this is how many times we've done it in the past. You can see 
not very good at it. Um and this is how the the bet credits work out effectively. This is all 
depending on on your user leve l. So the segment depending on what user segment I'm in is how 
many how much I win in this area here. And what I do is I go through and I um go through and I 
make my selections. You can see in here. Sorry. I go through can make my selections like this. 
And you can see as I as I increase it. So I've got four selections that equals five pounds. Um and 
then that goes straight into my um into my selection. I can add that to bet slip as the sort the next 
step within there. But um all of the branding etc that we' ve done in here. So as an good example 
of a of one of our prediction games one of the  
it's like a a session inside the app, right?  
Yeah. I frame in but because we're building be different. This would be a standalone site for you 
guys, right? So it' be um slightly different um with how it looks. This is this is called the spin -
off. So this is like a this is a native app. We built the e ntire app for ITV and and Sky Vegas. 
Essentially, the game works as a um there's two spinners. One is the question type and one is the 
um one's the topic. So, you can see at the top's the topic and then the bottom's the question type. 
Speed this up. So, po p culture and picture. This gives every user a completely random uh 
generated question. Um we go know that one for once and then you go into the next question and 
you and you spin again within within that there's leaderboards as well. Um then there's some of 
the um let me just get come out of that quickly. Um there's some of the digital the rewards that 
you you guys are looking at as well in here. Um so you can see complete profile um areas in 
here. You've got powerups that sit in there. Um and then you can  see daily streaks etc. So that 
style of um rewards that go in there and then you can see here, rank, leaderboards, you can see 
my categories and how I score against others, etc. And then my achievements within there as 
well. So, you got some of the featur es that you guys are looking for within there. But I just 
thought it was worth sort of showing some of the some of the products that that we've done in 
there before um and built um within there. Um any questions on those?  
No, I don't think so.  
Good. That's so league management and all that. We've gone through that before game operation 
and scoring. So this was one question I had from you. Have you have you got a feed available for 
the for the games or would you be looking for this to be um sort of manually scored or would 
you want um low six to purchase a feed that's so that we can sort of show in a live function if the 
game if the user is winning or losing.  
Yeah. I I think we the important thing here is to have the option to to to update the scores until 
uh in the end of each of each game.  
So I think  
I I maybe we can do manually if it's easier but maybe we c we I I can check inside here with 
Kazat. If we already have some kind of service  
API that delivers this the  
we would normally do it automatically. Yeah, exactly. That's how we would do it normally, but 
it can be either way. It's fine. We would just need  
Yeah, we need to be supplied by that feed.  
Yeah, I I think that the the best option is to leave it automatically. We don't need bad to depend 
on someone. So, we'll I I'll I'll get I'll I'll need to understand a little bit better how it works inside 
but um let's say we'll do it automatically.  
Okay. And then customization UX front end design completely flexible entirely up to you guys 
how you want to do that. Um and we will yeah the the we can work with the vendor to design we 
can do like a design session if you want and we can go through all of  the design on a on a call 
effectively.  
Sorry. What were you talking about now? I didn't get  
on point.9 on customization front end UXUI.  
Okay.  
So, how the game looks, that's up to the client how how they want to use their branding, etc. Um, 
and we can put we can do like a session with them on how they want their branding to look.  
Okay. But you um lo does everything, right? The the UX, the front end, everything. Yeah, we 
build the entire thing. We can just work with the partner. They can just send us brand guidelines 
if they want.  
Yeah, send. I think that's that's the the best way to work.  
That's good.  
Cool. And then yeah, the ability to integrate partner systems SSO. We're more than happy with 
that. Super simple. Um on that side of things, channels, notifications, user communication. Oh, 
this is a good one. So did we we have we work with Extreme Push as  a CRM. We can extreme 
push. There'll just be a charge for doing that and a charge for all of the communication within 
that. Um, or we can integrate a third party. It's up to you.  
Which if do they have a CRM?  
Uh, no, I don't think so.  
Okay. So, we can use Extreme Push. There's a charge to set it up and then there's a charge per 
message basically. So,  
yeah.  
Yeah, I think that's important for us to know what's what's the cost for that and per message and 
everything else. I think that  
we would be interested.  
Okay, cool. Uh  
and ju just let let me just um go back to point 10 about the integrations you the the partner 
benefit integration/subscription verification integration that's something that you you you're used 
to do for example uh third party um sponsor that as we we have  already talked about like I food 
partner, a possible partner, you will you would need to have like some  
some alignments with them so you can understand how that integration would work, right?  
So they would need to just send us documentation and probably jump on a couple of pools to sort 
that out.  
Yeah.  
Okay. Okay. That's ju just checking if that's common thing. Okay.  
Yeah. Cool. Um where do we go to? So officials. Yeah. Sharing features, that's fine. Um, NGO 
restriction capabilities, again, that's fine. Um,  
yeah, 14. I I think it doesn't makes sense because we understand that you already have all the 
features that we need. So, that's in case something can be delivered and the road map needs to be 
like redefined for to deliver some kind of feature. But I think  It's not good  
a problem right now.  
Cool. And then yeah, we've gone spoke about commercials and experience etc. So I think I need 
to just send you an email with everything detailed in um with all the information with all like the 
additional added extras and then also get some cases for you f rom um from hosting etc and 
scalability.  
Yeah, I think that's it. I think that's where we are at right now. Um I I have already saved also the 
the links you sent me from the NHF NHL game zone and and fantasy and we're taking a look. 
Um I think we're we're on a a good track right now.  
Okay, good stuff. So if I when do you think did you did we say Wednesday next week? You try 
and make a decision by  
Yeah, until the end of next week.  
Fine. Okay, cool. That's that's probably our cut off is that we need to know by end of next week. 
Yeah, we we we have to do it as as fast as possible because we need to every day is one last day 
of development and customization. So,  
we're we're on the on the the the really tight schedule. Okay,  
cool.  
What do you think? Is are we in a pretty good position? Like, what's what what's your thoughts? 
Like, is there any blockers or anything like that?  
I think so. Um, I think we're in a good position. Um, if there are no surprises, I don't know, data 
or GDPR or something like that. Um, I'd say we are we have some good chances moving 
forward. Um,  
we still are still finishing like our our third meeting with some other other um businesses and 
partners, but I think you basically loan six is checking your all the boxes. Um I'd say what you're 
you're what you're telling me here is that we wouldn't need we won't have a lot of concerns. So  
basically what we are aiming at right now for the World Cup is to have the least concerns 
possible um developing the product and with the user experience more than anything else. So  
that's what we we are focusing on. And I believe that most uh a good um pro uh a good product 
for that will attend what we're we were looking at. I think the the biggest um question mark here 
is if we are going to actually um deliver it in until the 11th o f May, which is the our dream. 
dream date or maybe have the 80% of it done to the to the 11th of May and then we have like 
developments to till the start of the world cup for one one more month we'll have maybe to 
understand um the strategies of the develo pment but  
yeah for sure  
I think we're on a on a good base  
sounds good right well I'm going to do that email to you and get a load of information in there. 
I'll send you some other docs as well um to have a look at and then yeah, just shout if there's any 
questions in the meantime. I'll um I'll put my WhatsApp num ber in here. So, if it's easier just to 
text me on anything um  
Oh, please. Yeah, it would be good.  
Yeah.  
Cool. All right. Sounds good.  
Okay. Well, have a good weekend, Rodrigo. And it's been a good week talking to you.  
Yeah. We'll speak next week. Yeah.  
Take care. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.  
 
